That's all.
Yi Xue actually likes you
Just say it.
What's the matter? I heard you can cure Izzie's illness
You don't want to?
Yes if I said I want you to treat him now
No one has ever been able to drive me so crazy
Do you know who I am? I don't care who you are.
All the same
I see you really don't know how to write the word death
Pojun let him taste the means of Yama Mansion
Your name is Yan Nanfeng, right?
How do you know my name?
Beidu Yanjia
South wind is home
Your men are all military
Then you are naturally Yannanfeng.
Who the hell are you?
Who Am I?
You don't deserve to know
Why don't I call someone
Do you know him?
You mean you can call people to calm me down I don't know
Maybe. Okay.
Then I'll watch you shout, can you still shout to the earth?
You come to Dong's house
Young Master, he won't call the police, will he?
Nonsense, am I afraid to call the police?
Hurry up